post: Git autocorrect (#109)
cloudx-labs/posts: posts/navarroaxel/16.git-autocorrect.md

---
title: Git autocorrect needs more marketing
published: true
description: TBD
tags: 'networking, network, unifi, modem'
cover_image: ./assets/networking-bridge-mode.png
id: 1905594
---

> Git comes with a lot of configurations to improve your experience in the command-line. We already talked about how to [color moved blocks of code](https://dev.to/cloudx/how-to-color-the-moved-code-in-git-10ei), but recently I found an awesome configuration called [autocorrect](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-config#Documentation/git-config.txt-helpautoCorrect). 🤩

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Git comes with a lot of configurations to improve your experience with the command-line. We already talked about how to [color moved blocks of code](https://dev.to/cloudx/how-to-color-the-moved-code-in-git-10ei), but recently I found an awesome configuration called [autocorrect](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-config#Documentation/git-config.txt-helpautoCorrect). 🤩
```

> Git comes with a lot of configurations to improve your experience with the command-line. We already talked about how to [color moved blocks of code](https://dev.to/cloudx/how-to-color-the-moved-code-in-git-10ei), but recently I found an awesome configuration called [autocorrect](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-config#Documentation/git-config.txt-helpautoCorrect). 🤩

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Git comes with a lot of configurations to improve your experience with the command-line. We already talked about how to [color moved blocks of code](https://dev.to/cloudx/how-to-color-the-moved-code-in-git-10ei), but I recently found an awesome configuration called [autocorrect](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-config#Documentation/git-config.txt-helpautoCorrect). 🤩
```

> This feature allows Git to detect a typo in your input and display similar valid commands, Git could suggest the correct one or even run the suggestion automatically. Let's see!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature allows Git to detect typos in your input and display similar valid commands. Git can also suggest the correct one or even run the suggestion automatically. Let's see!
```

## The default value

> By default Git displays suggested commands when we had a typo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Git displays suggested commands if we had a typo in our command:
```

"when we had a typo" sounds like some Spanglish thing 🤔

```bash
$ git pll
git: 'pll' is not a git command. See 'git --help'.

The most similar command is
    	pull
```

> But we can get more than just a suggestion… 👀

Reviewer: I assume you mean more information, not more than one suggestion. If that's the case this is fine

> ## Check before run the suggestion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Check before running the suggestion
```

If you configure autoCorrect with `prompt` Git will ask for a confirmation to run the suggested command.

```bash
git config –global help.autocorrect prompt
WARNING: You called a Git command named 'pll', which does not exist.
Run 'pull' instead [y/N]?
```

> ## Run the suggestion without manual intervention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running the suggestion without manual intervention
``

If you want use the indicative mood enumeration (_1, 2, 3_,.../_First step, 2nd_, etc.) seems more appropriate

If you use a numeric value for autoCorrect and Git **finds only 1 valid command** to fix the typo, then the valid one will be executed without confirmation. 🚀

```bash
$ git config –global help.autoCorrect 30
$ git pll
WARNING: You called a Git command named 'pll', which does not exist.
Continuing in 3 seconds, assuming that you meant 'pull'.
Already up to date.
```

> 💡 You can stop it using `Ctrl + C` or let Git run the assumption.

Reviewer: Is _stop_ used for this? Could _break_ also be an option? Just asking

Author: ```suggestion
💡 You can stop its execution using `Ctrl + C` or let Git run the assumption.
```

The numeric value is the timeout in deciseconds (0.1 seconds), but if you want Git to run the fixed command without any wait you should use `immediate`.

🧠 The value `0` disables the auto execution and only displays suggestions.

## Conclusion

> If you combine this autocorrect feature with popular aliases you can customize your experience with the command-line to rock your productivity 🎸

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you combine this autocorrect feature with popular aliases you can customize your experience with the command-line to rock your productivity. 🎸
```

Check if there's a phrasal verb using _rock_. _rock out_ could fit. I believe that phrasal verbs seem stronger.

> If you combine this autocorrect feature with popular aliases you can customize your experience with the command-line to rock on your productivity. 🎸

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you combine this autocorrect feature with popular aliases you achieve a customized experience with the command-line to rock on your productivity. 🎸
```
This is just a suggestion to avoid the repetition of _you/your_
